Master Tao, if nothing happens,
Let's go first.
Master, is this all what you said?
Look, it's right.
That's right, Master, but I'll let you go there.
No need, you,
No.
Just go up and look for us.
I'm pretty good.
Everything comes from eating Xiong Xinbaozi eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh
Why are you still doing this?
Urban tribalism is something fishy
There's no use in keeping it, eh, wrong, eh, eh
We are also looking for Tianyinsheng
Change hands, change hands, change hands, change hands, change hands, change hands, change hands, change hands, change hands, change hands, change hands, change hands
Change hands, change hands, change hands, change hands, change hands, change hands